Opening:

Protected areas have been traditionally thought as an important role for biodiversity. Ecologists assume that protect areas are important for conserving ecological quality. During past decades, over 12,000 protected areas were established around the world. About 8.8% of Earth's land surface are protected, which contain 13.2 million km2. In recent years, some human activities threaten protected areas. These activites cause decrease of protected area. However, the ecologicl quality changing in protected area is still not well understood.

Funnel:

   Wolong Nature Reserve is the largest protected area for giant panda conservation. It was established in 1975 in Sichuan Province, southwestern China. Wolong Nature Reserve contains 200,000 hectares of suitable panda habitat. Previous research has shown that Wolong Nature Reserve contains 10% of wild panda population (Marshall, 1999). 

   However, little quantitative data is defined on deterioration or conservation of land in protected areas. Previous research define ecological quality as suitability for panda habitat (Schaller, 1994). Schaller has examined ecological quality of panda habitat in terms of amount of panda habitat. Other researchers have estimated suitability of habitat in terms of number of habitat patches and mean patch size (van Schaik and Johnson, 1997; Liu et al., 1999). Although reseachers have measured ecological quality in Wolong Nature Reserve, few studies compared ecological quality before and after it was established. Researchers used remotely sensed data to quantify changes in forest cover (Lilles and Kiefer, 1990). Despite measurement in previous work, remote sensing data can be used to measure habitat area, mean patch size etc..

Aim:

   To determine whether ecological quality of the Wolong Nature Reserve improved after it was established, the reaseachers used remote sensing data from 1975 to 2018 to measure total habitat area, mean patch size and patch number in Wolong Nature Reserve.